docs/partials/_product-section.mdx, before:

import {
  BookOpenRegular,
  Chat24Regular,
  DeveloperBoard24Regular,
  Wand24Regular,
} from '@fluentui/react-icons';

<CardSection
  id="Quickstart"
  title="Quickstart"
  description="Discover how Orangewood's AI-powered robots simplify operations and boost efficiency."
>
  <Card
    title="Simulation Of Orangewood OWL Arm"
    icon={<Wand24Regular />}
    to="/guides/sim-stack/orngwood-sim-stack"
    description="Setup the simulation of OWL 6.5 robot in Gazebo and ROS 1"
  />
  <Card
    title="Develop Python Using owl Robot SDK "
    icon={<DeveloperBoard24Regular />}
    to="/guides/owl-robot-sdk/owl-bot-sdk"
    description="Develop robot manipulation apps using OWL Robot SDK."
  />
  <Card
    title="Get Started With The Owl 6.5 Robot Hardware"
    icon={<BookOpenRegular/>}
    to="/guides/owl-6.5-robot-hardware/owl-robot-client"
    description="Program your OWL 6.5 hardware using Python APIs."
  />
  <Card
    title="Early Access To RoboGPT'"
    icon={<Chat24Regular/>}
    to="https://www.orangewood.co/robo-gpt"
    description="Get hands-on with our AI agent, RoboGPT"
  />
</CardSection>

Commit message:

Updated _product-section.mdx with new Card component and added styled-components dependency to package.json

docs/partials/_product-section.mdx, after:

import {
  BookOpenRegular,
  Chat24Regular,
  DeveloperBoard24Regular,
  Wand24Regular,
  DocumentCopyRegular,
} from '@fluentui/react-icons';

<CardSection
  id="Quickstart"
  title="Quickstart"
  description="Discover how Orangewood's AI-powered robots simplify operations and boost efficiency."
>
  <Card
    title="Simulation Of Orangewood OWL Arm"
    icon={<Wand24Regular />}
    to="/guides/sim-stack/orngwood-sim-stack"
    description="Setup the simulation of OWL 6.5 robot in Gazebo and ROS 1"
  />
  <Card
    title="Develop Python Using owl Robot SDK "
    icon={<DeveloperBoard24Regular />}
    to="/guides/owl-robot-sdk/owl-bot-sdk"
    description="Develop robot manipulation apps using OWL Robot SDK."
  />
  <Card
    title="Get Started With The Owl 6.5 Robot Hardware"
    icon={<BookOpenRegular/>}
    to="/guides/owl-6.5-robot-hardware/owl-robot-client"
    description="Program your OWL 6.5 hardware using Python APIs."
  />
  <Card
    title="Early Access To RoboGPT"
    icon={<Chat24Regular/>}
    to="https://www.orangewood.co/robo-gpt"
    description="Get hands-on with our AI agent, RoboGPT"
  />
  <Card
    title="Tutorial Manual for Pick and Place Robot Task"
    icon={<DocumentCopyRegular />}
    to="https://www.orangewood.co/robo-gpt"
    description="Get hands-on with our AI agent, RoboGPT"
  />
</CardSection>
